okay, I want to connect my project to a table I have running on a server named midnight in a database called
moon_writers on my pgadmin 4 app, the columns of the table are: id, poem_text, author_name, upvotes, downvotes, and date
created:
I want a row in the table to be created when the user presses the #submit-button with the appropriate information on page midnightridersociety.html(<div
    id="poem-div">
    <form method="post">
        <textarea id="poem-input"></textarea>
        <input type="hidden" name="page" value="upvote.html">
        <div id="submit-container">
            <a href="upvote.html" id="submit-button">
                <img src="y. images/submit-day.png" alt="Submit" id="submit-img">
                <span class="tooltip">submitchur pome</span>
            </a>
        </div>
    </form>
</div>)
I then want this information to be used to create a new .container populated with the appropriate information from the
table we just created in another page on my website named upvote.html:
(<div class="container">
    <div class="upvote-section">
        <img src="upvote.png" alt="Upvote" class="vote-button">
        <img src="downvote.png" alt="Downvote" class="vote-button">
    </div>
    <div class="content-section">
        <h2>Poem Title</h2>
        <p>Variable text of the poem goes here.</p>
        <p class="name">Author Name</p>
        <div class="comment-section">
            <!-- Comments from other users can be added here -->
        </div>
    </div>
</div>)
I also want advice on how to optimize this process for loading performance


Answer:

To connect your project to a PostgreSQL database and achieve the desired functionality, you'll need to incorporate
server-side code to handle the form submission, database interaction, and data retrieval. Here's a general outline of
the steps involved:

Set up a server-side environment: You'll need a server-side technology like Node.js, Python, or PHP to handle the form
submission and interact with the database. Choose a technology you're comfortable with or prefer.

Establish a connection to the PostgreSQL database: Use the appropriate database driver or library for your server-side
technology to establish a connection to the PostgreSQL database. This will typically involve providing the necessary
connection parameters such as the host, port, database name, username, and password.

Handle the form submission: On the server-side, listen for the form submission event and capture the submitted data. In
your case, you would handle the submit-button click event. Extract the poem text and author name from the form data.

Insert a new row in the table: Using the established database connection, write the necessary code to insert a new row
into the moon_writers table with the extracted information (poem text, author name, default values for upvotes,
downvotes, and date created). Construct an appropriate SQL query, such as an INSERT statement, and execute it.

Optimize loading performance: To optimize loading performance, consider implementing the following techniques:

Use pagination: Instead of loading all the rows at once, consider implementing pagination to retrieve and display a
limited number of rows per page. This can reduce the initial load time and improve performance.

Implement caching: Utilize caching mechanisms to store and serve frequently accessed data. Caching can reduce the load
on the database and improve response times.

Optimize database queries: Review your database queries and ensure they are optimized. Proper indexing, efficient query
design, and minimizing unnecessary data retrieval can significantly improve performance.

Use asynchronous operations: Implement asynchronous programming techniques to ensure that long-running operations, such
as database queries, don't block the server's responsiveness.

Leverage browser caching: Utilize techniques like setting appropriate cache headers and leveraging browser caching
mechanisms to reduce server requests for static assets like images.

Retrieve data for the populated container: Once the row is successfully inserted, you can use server-side code to
retrieve the necessary information from the database based on your requirements. Construct a query, such as a SELECT
statement, to fetch the relevant data (poem title, poem text, author name) for the newly created row.

Populate the container with the retrieved data: Use the server-side code to generate the HTML for the container and
dynamically populate it with the fetched data. Inject the generated HTML into the appropriate section of your web page.

It's important to note that the implementation details will depend on your chosen server-side technology and the
specific frameworks or libraries you're using. The steps provided above outline the general process to achieve the
desired functionality.